A Beginner's Python Tutorial
============================

Here lies my beloved Python tutorial. It has been published, source and all, so
that it might *finally* be fully corrected/updated/relevant.

While I have previously guarded 'ownership' of the tutorial (and, according to
the LICENSE, I am still the copyright holder), the fact is that the wider
software community can be a much better custodian of its content than can I.

I still intend on hosting this tutorial on http://sthurlow.com/python/ - it
ain't going anywhere. Re-skins/corrections/expansions might all be uploaded. It
is currently MIT (see LICENSE.mit) and Creative Commons Attribution Australia
(see LICENSE.cc-by) licensed - take your pick.

So. It has come to this. Fork me, biatches!




The MIT License
===============
Copyright (c) 2011 Steven Thurlow

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.




The Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Australia License
======================================================
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Australia
License. To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/au/ or send a letter to Creative
Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.
